Add "Documentation" button to the "help" menu (#2381)
radareorg/cutter: docs/source/user-docs/menus/menu-bar/help-menu.rst

----------------------------------------
**Description:** Quickly report an issue to Cutter's GitHub repository. Clicking this option will navigate your browser to the new-issue page in Cutter's GitHub repository. It will also automatically fill relevant information inside the issue template.    

**Steps:** Help -> Report an issue

> Documention

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Documentation
```

---------------------------------------

> **Description** Cutter Documention page. This will redirect you to our documentation page on your browser. Strongly suggest to read the docs in any doubts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Description:** Clicking this option will open the user documentation of Cutter in your browser.
```
